updated the banner text (#138)
geoadmin/doc-tech: page/status-page.md

---
type: 'danger'
previewTitle: 'Major incident'

> previewContent: 'We are experiencing a significant outage affecting our WMS/WMTS services. All hands are on deck to diagnose and resolve the issue. We will keep this site up to date, once we have more information.'

Reviewer: As [suggested](https://github.com/geoadmin/doc-tech/pull/137/changes#r3194385342) by @Luke252:
```suggestion
previewContent: 'We are experiencing a significant outage affecting our WMS/WMTS services. All hands are on deck to diagnose and resolve the issue. The next update will be posted at 15:00 or as significant progress is made.'
```
Better to give a concrete time.
